# CheckingAccount
You created a Savings Account in the examples. In this project, create a Checking Account. A Checking Account has a current balance and a fee charged for each transaction. The transactions are making a deposit and making a withdrawal. In this project, use a loop to let the user select different transactions. Assume all data entered will be valid – positive numbers, and not greater than the current balance in the account.  Create a project named Ch6Checking. Create a class named CheckingAccount. In the methods for withdrawal and deposit, after adjusting the balance by the amount of change, subtract the fee.  In the driver class, create a CheckingAccount object named checking, and ask the user for the beginning balance and the fee for this checking account. In a loop, ask the user to select options to deposit, withdraw, or quit. Use a Switch structure to process the choice. Print the new balance after each transaction, with properly formatted numbers. Note the placement of dollar signs before the user input. That is printed by your code, the user does not type a dollar sign.  Take a screenshot of the execution that matches the sample session. Run it again and do a withdrawal first, then a deposit, and take a screenshot of that session.     Submission: the specified screenshots, and the root folder for the project     Pay careful attention to the rubric for this assignment. Remember the standards that apply to every project.  Note that you must use correct formatting in the code -- appropriate indentation is most important. You can use Shift-Alt-F to have NetBeans automatically format the code correctly. If the formatting is incorrect, it will be returned to you for changes with a grade of zero.  Note: You need to submit the whole project for these assignments. In File Explorer, go to the location where you created the project. There will be a folder with the name of your project -- that is the root folder of the project.  If you submit the root folder of the project, the instructor can run it on a different machine to grade it. If you don't submit the proper folder, it won't run on another machine, and the assignment will be marked with a zero.
